Gu Yan, it seems to be good news.
What lady?
I saw Bai Tieyuan today.
I thought that if I pretended to be on a business trip, I would be doing nothing wrong.
Unexpectedly, I would still see Bai Tieyuan.
Finally handed over the disappearing speech.
This is an explanation with the company.
Moreover, he is completely different from what he pretends to be.
The people are quite nice and friendly.
I don't see any good things, or I'm pretending.
I asked his assistant to listen to my explanation.
I thought he was more or less a young boy.
It's quite new and old.
Is it because of your understanding of her? There are hundreds of billions and some official houses.
She treated you to a meal
You just think she is nice
And you had a meal
Why do you seem angry? Okay?
don't want to hear me say
Is it okay if we don’t talk about the company’s affairs?
You can’t write without saying it
Mainly, you said it all
Who is it?
You can exchange that person for anything
Do you think I'm any better than Platinum Carp Carp Carp Carp?
You looked so beautiful at the eye party that day
Do you think Li Sihan would be moved if she saw her?
Li Sihan is very rich and
Not good-looking either
If you fancy Li Sihan
It's been a long time but one step won't happen that day, but in my eyes
Is this the kind of woman I can’t see succeeding in?
Who cares, Lisi or who else?
longhorned beetle
I just want you to live a good life
Are you so young? It's not me
Come in and talk about it, Weishan.
according to your confusion
Green Award and Green Number Person
Riding down the industry
Uncontrollable Dafa
They are incredible
I was also beaten for convenience and went to the hospital and went to Guo Mo's house.
I used to rely on the old man to be strong
Feel free to hurry up
If you didn't worry about my feelings, I would die
If you confess to the old man that you are married
His old man will definitely not pursue anything.
The beauty of a small person can be understood
The master will definitely be satisfied
He gave me a sales friend this time
I've seen it all
Show it to the people below
I won’t say it all for now
So professionally done
They say this collaboration is a perfect fit
Let’s meet again on the day Zhou Yang is about to give birth, let’s go
You said you were going
This is the company's business
Ask me if you need it. Good morning.
You are so angry
Sounds a little angry, right?
I can't find Zhou Yangbian
He gives you enough freedom
Don't let your family investigate
If the Li family knew
You must find out at the same time at the first time
Only then did I understand what else is there
If you give me Li Tan and Very Yang
What can we do?